Welcome to act number 11 you've made it this far.
That's awesome.
OK.
In this act we have 25 guidebooks for 25 types of speeches and I've got 50 slide templates that's two
per Guide OK or two per type of speech case.
Right.
And this was basically to give you more ideas on on how to create your perfect speech.
OK.
Now please please please please please please.
Right.
Don't look at any of the content in this act until you have completed as many if not all of the lectures
in Acts 1 through 10.
OK why.
Because I want to make sure you know that your your delivery of your content and your slides etc. are
absolutely perfect.
OK.
So in terms of the what why and how of this act.
Again what is included is two templates of each type of speech two PowerPoint slides for each type or
two PowerPoint presentation.
Fri-Sun for a total of 50 presentation templates can.
And there's also 25 guide books TV ideas on how to create a perfect speech.
Right.
This will help you a lot with ideas right.
And please note that if you don't like the two presentation templates associated with or included in
the speech category that you're going to use then just please look at the other forty eight templates.
Attash the other 24 parts of this act as every single template has a different design per these examples.
And they're all originals.
Well OK.
And it's for you.
So help me work smarter not harder.
OK.
And you can even download them all and play around with whatever design you like and mix and match concepts
from different ones whatever.
Right just trying to stay somewhat consistent.
Right.
And just customized accomplished customize templates to the best of your abilities.
OK.
Why are there so many templates attached.
Right because I want to give you a complete and very comprehensive menu of types of templates to fit
the needs your presentation.
Right we all have our own our own stylistic bias when it comes to slides.
OK so and again I can't stress how absolutely crucial it is to please please please do as many if not
all the lectures in Acts 1 through 10 before looking at the material here in act number 11.
Thank you.